Range for IT,CSE, etc to be defined.
Gender, batch by defualt should be shown
Instead of course it should be Program.
Title should be added


Number the fields and their order is not proper

Mother's and father's occupation,their office address etc. should 
also be taken


Dist. , Hosteler, Day scholar,Village,

Mobile No.(student),parents
E-mail parents
Category
Sub category
Admission through
Date of admission
Sikh Minority, Non-Sikh Minority
Rural, Urban
CET RANK, AIEEE Rank
in report, 5 in 10th and 12th should be there.
Passed in 1st or 2nd div,in 10th, 10+2(option related)
Refer http://www.aicte-india.org/downloads/scheduleeoa-regionaloff/StudentExcel.xlsx
Upload of snap
DOB- give three fields separetly DD, MM, YYYY
Include validatins
Contact number spread into two fields for std code and number
Six weeks,Six month training done at dates , and other detials
Participation in actitives like NCC,NSS,Computer Club, LUG, and others
Disciplinary actions
Character recommdendations at later stage
Timestamp for each entry

Personal details, School Details, Admission Details,
Sessional details,Semester wise details,




ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA
For admission to B. Tech. courses, the candidate must have appeared in CET-2010 and also fulfill
the following conditions:
A. He / she has passed the 10+2 /Diploma or its equivalent examination conducted by a recognized
Board / University / Council. 
(i) For Engineering Courses
Passed 10+2 examination with Physics and Mathematics as compulsory subjects along with
any one of the following subjects:
• Chemistry
• Biology
• Biotechnology
• Computer Science.

OR
Passed their 10th or 10+2 examination with science stream and Passed diploma in any Engineering
Trade from Punjab State Board of Technical Education & Industrial Training, Chandigarh or
Sant Longowal Institute of Engineering and Technology, Longowal (SLIET),
OR

Any such examination from any other recognized State Board of Technical Education.
OR

Have passed two years certificate course from Sant Longowal Institute of Engineering and Technology, Longowal (SLIET) shall be eligible.





 
